---
layout: post
title: django 1.7 > 1.11 migrate gets error “table already exists”

description: > 
  Unity, a flexible and powerful development platform for creating multiplatform 3D and 2D games as well as an interactive experiences on 	 Linux. With Unity, you can target more devices easily, and with a single click you can deploy your game to mobile, VR, desktop, Web, 		Console as well as TV platforms.
  
tags: [tutorial]
author: author1

---

[Unity ](https://unity3d.com/) is a cross-platform game engine developed by Unity Technologies, which is primarily used to develop both three-dimensional and two-dimensional video games and simulations for computers, consoles, and mobile devices.

Most of the time when you are building something you will always come across bugs and issues that could make you try to figure out what could be the problem. This always consumes time you could find 
yourself fixed at a bug that can consume your time. Apparently I have come across such challenges one of them is this kind of migration error below which I thought it would be nic to share.


# Problem 


I am trying to apply a migration but am getting the error:

```bash
django.db.utils.OperationalError: (1050, "Table 'customers_customer' already exists")

I get this by issuing the following command:

```bash 
python manage.py migrate

My customer table already exists, so what do I do to let the migration know this, not error out, and run my modification to my model?

I ran this on my local environment with local database with no problem. It is when I pointed my database to production and ran migrate above that I get this error.

# Solution 

If you have the table created in the database, you can run

```bash
python manage.py migrate --fake <appname>

__Mark migrations as run without actually running them__

Or if you want to avoid some actions in your migration, you can edit the migration file under the app/migrations directory and comment the operations you don't want to do in the migrate execution.

[Docs:](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.8/topics/migrations/#upgrading-from-south) or `python manage.py help migrate`




